Our tests around the ticket update listener are looking pretty good, but both the tests we have right
now are really happy path tests.
They're assuming that everything is working as expected.
I would really like to add in at least one test to make sure that we can handle kind of bad scenarios
as well.
So let me show you a diagram and explain what I would like to test.
Okay.
Back to this diagram.
We've looked at it many times.
We're going to assume that inside of our orders database, we've got a ticket with an ID of Q and a
version of one.
Well, then imagine that these two events right here get emitted.
And now maybe for whatever reason, we accidentally process this second update event first.
That is not what we would want.
We would want to always process this event with the version of 2/1.
But as we've seen, it is entirely possible that we will accidentally process these things out of order.
So in this scenario, we've got a version of three on the income event, but we still have only version
one inside of our database.
And so it's very clear that we are missing the event with version two.
So in this scenario, we would want to either throw an error or at the very least make sure that we
do not call the function.
Remember, if we call the act function, that means we are acknowledging the message and we are telling
that streaming server that this event has been processed.
If we just don't call the ACT function, then that streaming server is going to try to emit this event
again 5 seconds in the future and hopefully in that window we will have enough time to process the version
two event.
So that's it.
That's all we're going to test.
We're going to once again create an instance of our listener.
We're going to create our data event, and we're going to give it a version kind of far into the future,
and then just make sure that either we throw an error or at the very least that we do not call the EQ
function.
All right.
So back inside, my editor, I'm going to go down to the very bottom.
And I'll say it does not call EC.
If the event.
Is in the future?
Or how about.
If the event has a future version or how about has a skipped version number or something like that?
I'm sure you could think of a better description than one I've got.
Good enough.
I'll make sure I mark this function as a sync.
And then inside of here, we'll get message data.
Listener.
I don't think we need the ticket, but let's get it anyways.
We might need it.
So now we need to somehow make sure that our data object has a version that is far into the future.
So a future version.
We can do so very easily by just taking a look at the version property on there and setting it to some
future version number.
I'll just say data version equal to ten.
That's definitely very far in the future.
And certainly there are some missing version events between the one that our ticket has or the current
tickets version and this version of ten right here.
So now we will call our listener.
On message with that data, object and message.
So when we run this now, we should end up if we go back over to the listener itself, the year ticket
update listener, when we run this query, we should not be finding a ticket at all.
We should enter this if statement and end up throwing an error.
And so we want to make sure that we somehow capture that error inside of our tests because we don't
want to actually throw it inside the test itself.
So we need to capture that thing and then hopefully also write out some kind of expectation that says
that the message function does not get called.
So to do so, I'm going to wrap the thing with a try.
Catch statement.
In this case, we're not really going to do anything inside of the catch.
We're just using that catch to make sure that we do not throw an air out of this entire test, which
would automatically cause the entire thing to fail.
Then right after the Troika statement, we can put in an expectation it's going to expect message not
to have been called.
That's our goal here.
We want to make sure that we did not call that ACH function.
Okay.
So let's save this.
And see how we're doing back over at the terminal.
And it looks like our update listener tests are still passing.
As usual, let's try to make this thing fail just to make sure that the test is really working as expected.
So how about in this scenario?
Let's try changing.
How about the data version right here?
Let's just comment that out.
So now we should have some accurate or correct version and we should be calling the act function.
So I'll save that flip back over.
And there we go.
So we got an error here because the function was actually called.
Cool.
So I'll uncomment that and I think we're good to go.
All right.
So I think that's a good series of tests around our on message function.
Let's take a pause right here.
And as usual, continue in just a moment.